Async function article fixup (#9211)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/async-functions/index.md

> {% Compare 'better', 'Recomm ended - nice and parallel' %}

Author: ```suggestion
{% Compare 'better', 'Recommended - nice and parallel' %}
```

Hah, I wonder when that happened

```js
function markHandled(promise) {
  promise.catch(() => {});
  return promise;
}

async function logInOrder(urls) {
  // fetch all the URLs in parallel
  const textPromises = urls
    .map(async (url) => {
      const response = await fetch(url);
      return response.text();
    })
    .map((promise) => markHandled(promise));

  // log them in sequence
  for (const textPromise of textPromises) {
    console.log(await textPromise);
  }
}
```

{% CompareCaption %}
In this example, the URLs are fetched and read in parallel, but the "smart"
`reduce` bit is replaced with a standard, boring, readable for-loop.
{% endCompareCaption %}

{% endCompare %}

{% Aside 'important' %}
`markHandled` is used to avoid "unhandled promise rejections". If a promise

> rejects, and it was never given a rejection handler (e.g. via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rejects, and it was never given a rejection handler (for example, via
```
